Update/merge multi-gpu docs (#2021)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/slurm.rst

        sbatch submit.sh

.. note::
    When running in DDP mode, any errors in your code will show up as an NCCL issue.
    Set the `NCCL_DEBUG=INFO` flag to see the ACTUAL error.

Normally now you would need to add a
:class:`~torch.utils.data.distributed.DistributedSampler` to your dataset, however
Lightning automates this for you. But if you still need to set a sampler set the Trainer flag
:paramref:`~pytorch_lightning.Trainer.replace_sampler_ddp` to ``False``.

> Here's an example of how to add your own sampler (again no need with Lightning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of how to add your own sampler (again, not need with Lightning).
```

Author: Thanks for proof reading @lgvaz 
This one here becomes incorrect english. 
We could change it to "not needed ..."

Reviewer: Perfect! Good catch =)

.. testcode::

    # in your LightningModule
    def train_dataloader(self):
        dataset = MyDataset()
        dist_sampler = torch.utils.data.distributed.DistributedSampler(dataset)
        dataloader = Dataloader(dataset, sampler=dist_sampler)
        return dataloader

    # in your training script
    trainer = Trainer(replace_sampler_ddp=False)

Walltime auto-resubmit
----------------------
When you use Lightning in a SLURM cluster, it automatically detects when it is about

> to run into the walltime, and does the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to run into the wall time and does the following:
```
